LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-agents-at-superhuman-4405152574

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Superhuman offers a dynamic hybrid working model for this role. This flexible approach gives team members the best of both worlds: plenty of focus time along with in-person collaboration that helps foster trust, innovation, and a strong team culture.
 About Superhuman
 Grammarly is now part of Superhuman, the AI productivity platform on a mission to unlock the superhuman potential in everyone. The Superhuman suite of apps and agents brings AI wherever people work, integrating with over 1 million applications and websites. The company’s products include Grammarly’s writing assistance, Coda’s collaborative workspaces, Mail’s inbox management, and Go, the proactive AI assistant that understands context and delivers help automatically. Founded in 2009, Superhuman empowers over 40 million people, 50,000 organizations, and 3,000 educational institutions worldwide to eliminate busywork and focus on what matters. Learn more at superhuman.com and about our values here .
 The Opportunites
 We are building a platform for AI Agents to come together and solve arbitrarily complex tasks, leveraging Superhuman ubiquitous UI. As a Machine Learning Engineer on this team, you will be at the heart of our company's transformation.
 Shape the Future of Productivity: Play a pivotal role in evolving Grammarly from a beloved writing assistant into an indispensable, AI-native productivity suite for enterprises.
 Build a Groundbreaking AI Agent Platform: Spearhead the development of a new platform where multiple AI agents collaborate to solve complex user problems. You will be responsible for the core orchestration, routing, and planning systems.
 Own Critical ML Systems: Develop and deploy sophisticated ML models for core product experiences, including search ranking and proactive suggestions that anticipate user needs.
 Integrate Cutting-Edge AI: Work at the forefront of the AI landscape, building ML components that integrate with the latest and most powerful models to create magical user experiences.
 Thrive in a High-Impact Environment: Join a foundational team where you will operate with a high degree of autonomy and product sense in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment.
 Ship Your Work Fast: Move quickly from idea to impact. We have no red tape or endless approvals—just a focus on making meaningful contributions to a platform used by millions.
 Qualifications
 MS / PhD in Computer Science.
 5+ years of industry experience as a machine learning engineer or applied research scientist.
 A deep understanding of modern algorithms and approaches to ML, NLP, and LLMs.
 Experience building LLM-based products.
 A deep care about the end-user experience and strives to ensure high quality.
 Has a demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal guidance, proactively manages tasks and priorities across multiple projects, analyzes and executes work efficiently, collaborates effectively with cross-functional teams, and thrives in fast-paced, results-driven environments.
 We invite you to share your knowledge, experience, and goals with us to help us find the best team match for you. Tell us your superpower!
 Compensation And Benefits
 Superhuman offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package encompassing the following and more:
 Excellent health care (including a wide range of medical, dental, vision, mental health, and fertility benefits)
 Disability and life insurance options
 401(k) and RRSP matching
 Paid parental leave
 20 days of paid time off per year, 12 days of paid holidays per year, two floating holidays per year, and flexible sick time
 Generous stipends (including those for caregiving, pet care, wellness, your home office, and more)
 Annual professional development budget and opportunities
 Superhuman takes a market-based approach to compensation, which means base pay may vary depending on your location. Our US locations are categorized into two compensation zones based on proximity to our hub locations.
Base pay may vary considerably depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The expected salary ranges for this position are outlined below by compensation zone and may be modified in the future.
 We encourage you to apply
 At Superhuman, we value our differences, and we encourage all to apply—especially those whose identities are traditionally underrepresented in tech organizations. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, political belief, or any other characteristic protected by law. Superhuman is an equal opportunity employer and a participant in the US federal E-Verify program (US). We also abide by the Employment Equity Act (Canada).
Compensation Range: $250K - $385K
 Show more
 Show less