LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analytics-engineer-5-content-applied-science-and-analytics-at-netflix-4356972370

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next.
Our mission to entertain the world is anchored in our content, and data is a crucial component in shaping our comprehensive content strategy. As we envision the future of content at Netflix, we're seeking an Analytics Engineer to join the Content Applied Science and Analytics team. In this role, you will partner with key content verticals–including Film, Series, Live, and Licensing–working on both ongoing strategic efforts and new content initiatives. This role will leverage cutting-edge analysis, data science, metrics, and models to drive progress in these spaces. Your role will extend beyond advising the business on content performance; you'll also be a thought partner to the diverse cross-functional teams that bring our content to life.
The ideal candidate for this role will excel at collaborating with partners across our business, using data to help our content teams create and distribute content that drives member value. They will also be a thought leader in the analytics domain, capable of transforming complex metrics and data science outputs into actionable insights.
 What You Will Do
 Empower New Content Initiatives: You will own the data vision for new content initiatives, defining success metrics, setting the architectural direction, and guiding the strategy for emerging formats from the ground up.
 Own Data Strategy: You will define and lead the analytics roadmap for your vertical, proactively identifying high-leverage opportunities that shape our comprehensive content strategy.
 Architect Advanced Insights: You will design and implement high-level analytical frameworks, dashboards, and custom tools that set the standard for how we measure and visualize content performance.
 Elevate Technical Standards: You will act as a technical bar-raiser for the team–mentoring peers, reviewing technical designs, and establishing best practices to ensure we are building robust, scalable solutions.
 We Are Looking For
 Creative Thinking: You are a creative problem solver who can look beyond the numbers to understand the art of storytelling, bringing innovative approaches to how we measure and understand content performance.
 Strategic Ownership: You operate with a high degree of autonomy, capable of owning the end-to-end vision for complex and ambiguous cross-functional projects and translating broad business goals into concrete technical strategies. Prior experience building data products, metrics, or strategies from the ground up is a strong plus.
 Technical Leadership & Mentorship: You pay attention to the details and make a conscious effort to understand causes instead of just the effects. You act as a force multiplier for the team, enjoying the process of mentoring others, conducting code/design reviews, and fostering a culture of technical excellence.
 Influential Communication: Exceptional communication with technical and non-technical audiences; you can effectively influence senior stakeholders and explain complex technical concepts with clarity.
 Analytical Rigor & Visual Storytelling: Combines grounded statistical methodology with visualization engineering to transform complex quantitative analysis into high-impact dashboards and custom data tools (e.g., Plotly Dash, Tableau, Looker) that drive business decisions.
 Technical Proficiency: Delivers scalable data solutions by merging advanced SQL and Python proficiency with data engineering workflows, ensuring reliability through engineering best practices like CI/CD, testing, and version control.
 Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here.
Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here.
Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner.
We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.
 Show more
 Show less