LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/associate-data-scientist-at-xcel-energy-4407456399

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Are you looking for an exciting job where you can put your skills and talents to work at a company you can feel proud to be a part of? Do you want a workplace that will challenge you and offer you opportunities to learn and grow? A position at Xcel Energy could be just what you’re looking for.
 Position Summary
 This new role will be part of the Data Analytics Team in Xcel’s customer program organization, supporting critical work around beneficial electrification, demand response, and energy efficiency. The Associate Data Scientist will focus on interpreting complex data using statistical methods, machine learning algorithms, and data visualization techniques. An Associate Data Scientist will play a crucial role in handling and analyzing large datasets to uncover valuable insights. They utilize statistical methods, machine learning algorithms, and data visualization techniques to interpret complex data. By collaborating with cross-functional teams, they will help translate data findings into actionable business strategies, thereby supporting data-driven decision-making processes. Additionally, they may assist in developing predictive models, automating data collection processes, and ensuring data quality and integrity. This position often serves as a foundational step towards more advanced roles in data science, providing essential skills and experience in the field.
 Core Responsibilities
 Familiar in working with the two primary languages - SQL and Python. Both are widely used for data analysis, machine learning, and visualization.
 Knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms.
 Experience with data visualization tools like Posit or Power BI.
 Understand key concepts related to managing and analyzing large datasets. This includes using statistical methods and machine learning algorithms to derive actionable insights.
 Translate the business goals to technical expertise.
 Translate data insights into actionable recommendations for decision-makers.
 Collaborate closely with more senior team members and learn from experienced colleagues.
 Effectively communicate findings to non-technical stakeholders, collaborate with team members, and present to business users.
 Minimum Requirements
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, statistics, math or a related analytical concentration is required.
 Other bachelor’s degrees with data science relevant certifications will be considered.
 Preferred Requirements
 Experience with any of the following can help candidates stand out:
 Energy or utility background
 Familiarity with Databricks or other lakehouse platforms
 Experience deploying models using CI/CD
 Data science or analytics experience in support of marketing teams
 As a leading combination electricity and natural gas energy company, Xcel Energy offers a comprehensive portfolio of energy-related products and services to 3.4 million electricity and 1.9 million natural gas customers across eight Western and Midwestern states. At Xcel Energy, we strive to be the preferred and trusted provider of the energy our customers need. If you’re ready to be a part of something big, we invite you to join our team.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
Individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to apply please contact us at recruiting@xcelenergy.com.
Non-Bargaining
The anticipated starting base pay for this position is: $95,000.00 to $120,566.00 per year
This position is eligible for the following benefits: Annual Incentive Program, Medical/Pharmacy Plan, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Dependent Care Reimbursement Account, Health Care Reimbursement Account, Health Savings Account (HSA) (if enrolled in eligible health plan), Limited-Purpose FSA (if enrolled in eligible health plan and HSA), Transportation Reimbursement Account, Short-term disability (STD), Long-term disability (LTD), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), Fitness Center Reimbursement (if enrolled in eligible health plan), Tuition reimbursement, Transit programs, Employee recognition program, Pension, 401(k) plan, Paid time off (PTO), Holidays, Volunteer Paid Time Off (VPTO), Parental Leave
Benefit plans are subject to change and Xcel Energy has the right to end, suspend, or amend any of its plans, at any time, in whole or in part.
In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information including but not limited to dates of school attendance and graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.
Deadline to Apply: 05/11/26
EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination | Equal Opportunity Policy (PDF) | Employee Rights (PDF)
All Xcel Energy employees and contractors share responsibility for protecting the company's information and systems by adhering to cybersecurity policies, standards, and best practices, recognizing that cybersecurity is everyone's responsibility.
 ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Xcel Energy endeavors to make https://www.xcelenergy.com/ accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Xcel Energy Talent Acquisition at recruiting@xcelenergy.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
 Show more
 Show less