LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-engineer-%E2%80%93-development-analytics-bedford-ma-at-philips-4405945058

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Job Title
Data Engineer – Development & Analytics (Bedford, MA)
 Job Description
 Data Engineer – Development & Analytics (Bedford, MA)
 You will join a high-performing team focused on Advanced Imaging products in the Philips Image Guided Therapy Devices (IGT-D) business. This is a cross-functional role focused on building and scaling data infrastructure (pipelines, dashboards, and querying systems) and integrating diverse data sources (field diagnostics, manufacturing, and engineering data) to enable data-driven product analysis.
 Your Role
 Scale internal tools for generating and managing data infrastructure. This will include collecting and storing data from diverse sources and creating cloud-based systems for large-scale querying and rapid data access across clinical and product data. Additionally, you will develop dashboards that cross-functional stakeholders will use to interpret and analyze the data on a regular basis.
 You will report to the Head of Optical & Systems, Advanced Imaging at Philips IGTD, and work alongside a talented and multidisciplinary team of Systems Engineers.
 Collaborate cross-functionally with product development, quality, operations, field service, and business stakeholders to define data needs, surface key trends, and build custom queries and pipelines.
 Continue to grow as a data engineer while gaining exposure to systems engineering, quality processes, and cross-functional collaboration in a fast-paced, regulated medical device environment.
 You're The Right Fit If
 You have a Bachelor’s degree in data engineering, data analytics, computer science, or a similarly relevant field.
 You have 2+ years of experience in an individual contributor role developing tools and processes to collect and consolidate diverse data sets, as well as front-end tools to manage and analyze the data. Experience developing cloud-based solutions is a plus.
 Your skills include developing systems and tools in SQL, Python, or similar for backend data management & data mining and front-end data interrogation/display.
 You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for effective cross-functional collaboration and reporting are required.
 You would benefit from having cloud-based tooling experience (GCP, AWS, Azure, etc.), experience with analysis of image and signal data, and experience operating in a regulatory controlled quality system and verifying/validating tools and processes.
 You must be able to successfully perform the following minimum Physical, Cognitive and Environmental job requirements with or without accommodation for this position.
 How We Work Together
 We believe that we are better together than apart. For our office-based teams, this means working in-person at least 3 days per week. Onsite roles require full-time presence in the company’s facilities. Field roles are most effectively done outside of the company’s main facilities, generally at the customers’ or suppliers’ locations.
This is an office-based role with the expectation of 5 days a week in the Bedford, MA office.
 About Philips
 We are a health technology company. We built our entire company around the belief that every human matters, and we won't stop until everybody everywhere has access to the quality healthcare that we all deserve. Do the work of your life to help improve the lives of others.
 Learn more about our business.
 Discover our rich and exciting history.
 Learn more about our purpose.
 Learn more about our culture.
 Philips Transparency Details
 The pay range for this position in MA is $107,000 - $170,000.
The actual base pay offered may vary within the posted ranges depending on multiple factors including job-related knowledge/skills, experience, business needs, geographical location, and internal equity.
In addition, other compensation, such as an annual incentive bonus, sales commission or long-term incentives may be offered. Employees are eligible to participate in our comprehensive Philips Total Rewards benefits program, which includes a generous PTO, 401k (up to 7% match), HSA (with company contribution), stock purchase plan, education reimbursement and much more. Details about our benefits can be found here.
At Philips, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top end of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each case.
 Additional Information
 US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa, now or in the future.
 Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. For this position, you must reside in or within commuting distance to Bedford, MA.
 #ImageGuidedTherapy
 This requisition is expected to stay active for 45 days but may close earlier if a successful candidate is selected or business necessity dictates. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as possible to ensure consideration.
 Philips is an Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer including Disability/Vets and maintains a drug-free workplace.
 Show more
 Show less