LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/research-data-scientist-developer-ai-at-google-4405981235

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA . Minimum qualifications:
 Master's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Operations Research, Engineering, or a related quantitative field.
 3 years of work experience using analytics to solve product or business problems, coding (e.g., Python, R, SQL), querying databases or statistical analysis, or a PhD degree.
 Preferred qualifications:
 2 years of work experience using analytics to solve product or business problems, coding (e.g., Python, R, SQL), querying databases or statistical analysis.
 About the job You will be in a team that applies statistical and data science to understand Artificial Intelligence (AI) opportunities and the developer productivity at a scale as large as that of Google. As a Data Scientist on the Developer AI team, you will be at the vanguard of using advanced data science and machine learning to comprehend and address the most significant hurdles our software engineers face. You will have the rare chance to work with a vast and intricate dataset of developer activities. Your insights will directly influence the next wave of AI-enhanced tools for every developer at Google.The US base salary range for this full-time position is $147,000-$211,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google .
 Responsibilities
 Collaborate with engineering teams to instrument and gather data, laying the groundwork for enhancing artificial intelligence (AI) products and developer productivity.
 Perform analysis of developer processes and issues to pinpoint where AI-driven solutions can deliver impact.
 Create and monitor performance indicators to measure the value and influence of our products on Google's developers.
 Discover latent trends, forecast future requirements, and demonstrate the return on investment of our projects.
 Present insights to leadership, guiding data-centric decisions that will define the future of developer tools at Google.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .
 Show more
 Show less