LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-quadsci-ai-4407418903

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

About QuadSci.ai:
 QuadSci is an AI product company for software companies. QuadSci AIs are fine-tuned and locally deployed within customer environments. Our AIs process BILLIONS of product analytics, observability and customer data events to determine churn, contraction, and growth signals as far as 12 months in advance.
 We started QuadSci to answer 2 fundamental questions:
 Customers demand great experiences from software vendors and require you to lead them in their journey… Why isn’t this easy in the age of AI?
 Software companies want to deliver great customer experiences but internal processes distract from Customers… How can AI & Orchestrated Actions create a performance flywheel for the top & bottom line?
 QuadSci is empowering Go-To-Market (GTM, Sales, Customer Success, Marketing, Services, etc.) leaders to scientifically manage customer lifecycle, GTM performance and ARR predictability to add points to the "Rule of 40" only QuadSci can provide.
 About the ML Engineer role:
 You are an expert at finding patterns and explaining insights from application & event data using supervised and unsupervised ML approaches to customers. Our AI insights & signals are the source of powering orchestrated actions (next-best action) that improves GTM performance of customer-centric organizations. You will be accountable for the development & packaging, fine-tuning and performance monitoring of QuadSci's AI products (Cohorts AI & Growth AI). A summary of your responsibilities is below:
 Field deployed AI/ML Engineer working across 1 - 5 customers
 Analyzing diverse and dynamic data sets across application telemetry, CRM, Support, Accounting / Billing, Website Analytics and other common enterprise data sources.
 Utilize our auto feature engineering assets focused on large telemetry data sets (TBs to PBs)
 Deploy, train, test and monitor AI products at scale within a Customers’ operating architecture in platforms such as Vertex AI
 Engage with other QuadSci deployed colleagues on the explanation of data insights, confirmation of design requirements, root cause analysis, etc.
 Work with Customers on AI feature roadmaps (incl. GenAI applications) for their models and ongoing performance management of deployed AI models
 Collaborate with QuadSci colleagues, Customer Cloud Ops and Partners on ML ops, integrations and performance management
 Contribute to QuadSci codebase for auto-feature engineering, AI product packaging, next best action logic and more
 Basic Qualifications - Must have:
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or other related field
 3+ years of relevant experience in data science or product development
 Experience with data science and cloud computing environments like VertexAI, Sagemaker or similar tool
 Demonstrated success in the use of clustering, classification, regression, decision trees etc to deliver transformative insights
 Strong experience in building, training, and tuning predictive machine learning, especially in the domains of next best offer or recommended action based on time-series type data sets
 Experience in Natural Language Processing (NLP) for sentiment analysis and behavioral modeling
 Hands on experience with Pandas, Polars and / or Dask (Coiled) for data transformation & feature engineering
 Advanced Qualifications - Nice to have:
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Statistics or a related field
 Deployment architecture experience for MLOps optimization using technologies like Dagster or similar tool
 Experience in the use of Large Language Models (LLMs, both Open Source & Proprietary), Embeddings algorithms,Vector DBs and APIs to create GenAI applications
 Familiarity with technologies and/or data architectures such as: Pendo, Salesforce and Open Telemetry
 Direct experience in the use of AI/ML to automate essential business processes that have an impact to Field teams or Customers
 At QuadSci, we believe equal opportunity fuels innovation and strengthens our culture. We actively welcome candidates from all backgrounds and are committed to creating an environment where everyone can thrive on the merits of their efforts and outcomes. QuadSci is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
 Show more
 Show less