LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-engineer-at-sand-cherry-4405169264

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Company Profile
 At Sand Cherry Associates, we excel in the design and delivery of strategic customer-centric initiatives through digitally-native, data-empowered solutions. Our client’s confidence in us is centered on exceptionally skilled, high-energy talent working with the support of the full Sand Cherry team. Finding the right match for this role is a critical aspect of continuing that success.
 Overview
 We are looking for a strong Data Engineer with experience creating and maintaining ETL pipelines This role will require expertise working with Redshift SQL, Python, and DBT. This role is based in Denver, CO, Charolette, NC, and/or, Stamford, CT, and requires 4 days on site. This role is a long term contract through the end of the year. (Extensions may be possible). This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship, visa transfer or C2C candidates .
 Responsibilities
 Responsible for the design, structure, and maintenance of data, usually organized in relational databases
 Determines end user requirements for data usage including analytics and visualization
 Ensures the accuracy and accessibility of data relevant to client’s organization or project Identifies and creates connections to relevant data sources from within the organization as well as third party sources including government data sources
 Work with strong practical knowledge of Redshift SQL, Python, and DBT.
 Assists in defining how data will be stored, consumed, integrated and managed by different data entities
 Assesses existing data architecture and data management processes to determine gaps and means of optimization
 Creates vision and documents resource requirements for organizational structure to support all phases of client data initiatives
 Defines supplemental data collection methods including manual survey processes as necessary
 Defines user access models for internal and public models and techniques to allow user inquiry and presentation of quantitative and visual findings from data analytics
 Leverages strong skills in data modeling and logic
 Creates effective quality and data integrity standards and processes
 Requirements
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, Engineering or related
 Minimum of 5+ years of experience in data engineering
 5+ years of experience using Python and SQL
 Proficiency working within a robust BI environment is also needed for another project
 Experience or exposure to project and/or program management is very helpful
 Proven ability to document and adhere to business requirements
 Proven ability to communicate effectively with clients at high levels of the organization
 Data-oriented, well-organized personality
 Ability to work independently and take initiative
 Compensation
 Sand Cherry Associates is required by Colorado law to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. This compensation range considers a wide range of factors considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and delivery model. This is a consulting engagement with an expected annual salary of $110,000 - $140,000. Years of experience, level of education, geographic location, unique skills/qualifications for the specific role and potential certifications can be key factors in the final compensation for this role.
 Benefits
 Our team is unique — we are passionate about what we do. At Sand Cherry, our Consultants know they are impacting and shaping our clients’ industries. We recognize our employees for their contributions. Our culture is one of the most friendly and communicative in the consulting industry. Sand Cherry is not a top-heavy organization. We offer the opportunity to be part of a digital workforce. Discover the experience that only comes with self-responsibility in the workplace. Our team members manage their own workloads and are expected to deliver exceptional work for our clients. Professional career growth is one of our main priorities, as we affirm that investing in our Consultants and empowering our people will also deliver the best results and value for our clients.
 Show more
 Show less