LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-engineer-at-mckesson-4385883336

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

McKesson is an impact-driven, Fortune 10 company that touches virtually every aspect of healthcare. We are known for delivering insights, products, and services that make quality care more accessible and affordable. Here, we focus on the health, happiness, and well-being of you and those we serve – we care.
What you do at McKesson matters. We foster a culture where you can grow, make an impact, and are empowered to bring new ideas. Together, we thrive as we shape the future of health for patients, our communities, and our people. If you want to be part of tomorrow’s health today, we want to hear from you.
CoverMyMeds’ Data & Analytics is looking for a Specialist, Data Engineering to join our Data Engineering team. Of note, our Data Engineering Team is a highly technical group of results driven Engineers, Analysts and Architects focused on providing our internal and external clients with high quality, repeatable and scalable data solutions. Together with our various business units, the work our Data Engineering team does ultimately helps get more people the medicine they need to live healthier lives.
 What You’ll Do
 The Specialist, Data Engineering will support and expand the data platforms that power our commercial data products and analytics offerings. This role will contribute to the design and delivery of scalable, reusable data assets that enable both internal teams and external partners to derive value from our data.
You will work across proprietary and third-party data sources to build well-structured, high-quality datasets, prototypes, and sample data assets that support commercialization efforts. This role partners closely with Data Systems Analysts, Product, and Analytics teams to translate evolving business concepts into tangible, testable data solutions.
 Position Description
 Design and develop data solutions that integrate proprietary and third-party data sources to support commercial data products and proof-of-concept initiatives.
 Build and optimize data ingestion and transformation pipelines that enable rapid iteration while maintaining quality and governance standards.
 Work with structured and unstructured data to prepare enhanced, sample, or prototype datasets for internal stakeholders and potential external customers.
 Write SQL and/or use cloud-based tools such as Snowflake or Databricks to cleanse, standardize, and enrich data aligned to defined business use cases.
 Collaborate with Product, Analytics, and external-facing teams to translate commercialization objectives into scalable data assets.
 Contribute to conceptual data models and reusable data patterns that support future data product expansion.
 Partner with application and platform teams to understand upstream data flows and design appropriate ingestion strategies.
 Support monitoring of data quality, performance, and reliability for commercialized data assets.
 Priority will be given to candidates who reside in the Columbus, OH metropolitan area.
 We are unable to provide sponsorship for this role presently, or in the future.
 Minimum Qualifications
 Degree or equivalent and typically requires 4+ years of relevant experience
 Education
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field
 Critical Skills
 4+ years of experience in data engineering, analytics engineering, or modern data platform environments
 4+ years hands-on experience with cloud data technologies such as Snowflake, Databricks, or similar platforms
 Strong (4+ years) SQL skills and experience transforming data for analytical, reporting, or product-oriented use cases
 Experience integrating data from multiple internal and third-party systems
 Experience working with structured and semi-structured data in batch and/or streaming environments
 Working knowledge of data modeling principles and data quality practices
 Experience supporting analytics, reporting, or externally facing data use cases
 Preferred Skills
 Experience with or interest in data commercialization, data products, or externally facing analytics solutions
 Experience building prototype or proof-of-concept data assets, or interest in working in rapid iteration environments
 Comfort working with evolving requirements and ambiguity
 Ability to translate loosely defined business ideas into structured data outputs
 Strong collaboration skills across product, analytics, and technical teams
 Ownership mindset with a bias toward execution
 We are proud to offer a competitive compensation package at McKesson as part of our Total Rewards. This is determined by several factors, including performance, experience and skills, equity, regular job market evaluations, and geographical markets. The pay range shown below is aligned with McKesson's pay philosophy, and pay will always be compliant with any applicable regulations. In addition to base pay, other compensation, such as an annual bonus or long-term incentive opportunities may be offered. For more information regarding benefits at McKesson, please click here.
 Our Base Pay Range for this position
 $105,500 - $175,900
McKesson has become aware of online recruiting-related scams in which individuals who are not affiliated with or authorized by McKesson are using McKesson’s (or affiliated entities, like CoverMyMeds or RxCrossroads) name in fraudulent emails, job postings or social media messages. In light of these scams, please bear the following in mind:
McKesson Talent Advisors will never solicit money or credit card information in connection with a McKesson job application.
McKesson Talent Advisors do not communicate with candidates via online chatrooms or using email accounts such as Gmail or Hotmail. Note that McKesson does rely on a virtual assistant (Gia) for certain recruiting-related communications with candidates.
McKesson job postings are posted on our career site: careers.mckesson.com.
 McKesson is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 McKesson provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, genetic information, or any other legally protected category. For additional information on McKesson’s full Equal Employment Opportunity policies, visit our Equal Employment Opportunity page.
McKesson welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you require accommodation please contact us by sending an email to Disability_Accommodation@McKesson.com.
 Join us at McKesson!
 Show more
 Show less