LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-kikoff-4397777750

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Kikoff: A FinTech Unicorn Powering Financial Progress with AI
 At Kikoff, our mission is to provide radically affordable financial tools to help consumers achieve financial security. We're a profitable, high growth FinTech unicorn serving millions of people, many of whom are building credit or navigating life paycheck to paycheck. With innovative technology and AI, we simplify credit building, reduce debt, and expand access to financial opportunities to those who need them the most. Founded in 2019, Kikoff is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by top-tier VC investors and NBA star Stephen Curry.
 Why Kikoff
 This is a consumer fintech startup, and you will be working with serial entrepreneurs who have built strong consumer brands and innovative products. We value extreme ownership, clear communication, a strong sense of craftsmanship, and the desire to create lasting work and work relationships. Yes, you can build an exciting business AND have real-life real-customer impact.
 Responsibilities
 As a Data Scientist at Kikoff, you work closely with cross functional teams incl. Product, Engineering, Data Engineering, Marketing, Operation. By applying your technical skills, analytical mindset, and product intuition, you will help our customers improve their financial security. You will use data to identify and solve product development’s biggest challenges. Your responsibilities includes:
 Product leadership: use data to shape product development, quantify new opportunities, set goals, identify upcoming challenges, and ensure the products we build bring value to our customers.
 Analytics: develop hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches, different methodologies, frameworks, and technical approaches to test them.
 Communication and influence: convince and influence your partners by telling clear data stories.
 Qualifications
 Bachelors’ or above in quantitative discipline: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
 A minimum of 2 years of work experience in analytics
 Expert knowledge of SQL and experience with Python
 Deep understanding of statistical analysis, experimentation design, and common analytical techniques like regression, decision trees
 Strong verbal and written communication skills
 A humble collaborative can-do attitude and natural curiosity
 Base Range
$160,000 - $260,000 USD
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Kikoff Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to complying with all federal, state, and local laws providing equal employment opportunities and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
Please reference the following for more information.
 Show more
 Show less