LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-graduate-cv-nlp-multimodal-llm-tiktok-trust-and-safety-2026-start-bs-ms-at-tiktok-4304863555

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Responsibilities
 The algorithm team is responsible for developing state-of-the-art computer vision, NLP and multimodality models and algorithms to protect our platform and users from the content and behaviors that violate community guidelines and related regulations. With the continuous efforts from our team, TikTok is able to provide the best user experience and bring joy to everyone in the world.
We are looking for talented individuals to join our team in 2026. As a graduate, you will get opportunities to pursue bold ideas, tackle complex challenges, and unlock limitless growth. Launch your career where inspiration is infinite at TikTok.
Successful candidates must be able to commit to an onboarding date by end of year 2026. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume.
Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to TikTok and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. We encourage you to apply as early as possible.
 Collaborate with product teams to define business objectives and improve trust and safety strategy.
 Collaborate with engineering teams to deploy machine learning models, design online model workflow, and implement serving pipelines at scale.
 Collaborate with the data scientist team to understand the key challenges and propose data-driven strategies.
 Work on state-of-the-art content understanding techniques including but not limited to unimodal/multimodal content classifiers, Active learning models, Reinforcement learning models, and Large Language Models.
 Qualifications
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Individuals who are completing or have recently completed a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Software Development, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline.
 Hands-on or academic experience in one or more of the following areas: Machine learning, Large Language Models, Recommendation Systems, and related areas.
 Strong coding skills.
 Curiosity towards new technologies and entrepreneurship, good communication and teamwork skills.
 Job Information
 【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)
 The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $122574 - $256000 annually.
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.
Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).
The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.
 For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates
 Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:
 Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;
 Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and
 Exercising sound judgment.
 About TikTok
 TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and we also have offices in New York City, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.
Why Join Us
Inspiring creativity is at the core of TikTok's mission. Our innovative product is built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we work towards every day.
We strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. Every challenge is an opportunity to learn and innovate as one team. We're resilient and embrace challenges as they come. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.
Diversity & Inclusion
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.
TikTok Accommodation
TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request
 Show more
 Show less