LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-analyst-at-exxonmobil-4337073004

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

About Us
 At ExxonMobil, our vision is to lead in energy innovations that advance modern living and a net-zero future. As one of the world’s largest publicly traded energy and chemical companies, we are powered by a unique and diverse workforce fueled by the pride in what we do and what we stand for.
The success of our Upstream, Product Solutions and Low Carbon Solutions businesses is the result of the talent, curiosity and drive of our people. They bring solutions every day to optimize our strategy in energy, chemicals, lubricants and lower-emissions technologies.
We invite you to bring your ideas to ExxonMobil to help create sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society’s evolving needs. Learn more about our What and our Why and how we can work together .
 About Houston
 ExxonMobil's state-of-the-art campus north of Houston serves as home to its Upstream, Product Solutions and Low Carbon Solutions businesses and their associated service groups. The facility opened in 2014 and accommodates more than 10,000 employees and visitors.
By bringing many global functional groups together, the campus provides employees with the tools and capabilities needed today, and in the future, to achieve business objectives and accelerate the discovery of new resources, technologies and products. It was designed to foster improved collaboration, creativity and innovation and enhance the company’s ability to attract, develop and retain the top talent in the industry.
The campus is located in Spring, Texas, on 385 wooded acres immediately to the west of Interstate Highway 45 (I-45), at the intersection of I-45 and the Hardy Toll Road, approximately 25 miles from the cultural vibrancy of downtown Houston.
The campus was constructed to the highest standards of energy efficiency and environmental stewardship. Its design incorporates extensive research into best practices in building and workplace design through extensive benchmarking of the world’s top academic, research, and corporate facilities.
 About
 Learn more about what we do in Houston here .
 What role you will play in our team
 A Data Analyst will leverage data engineering and BI development techniques to pipeline, automate, analyze, and visualize data
 This role reports to the Continuous Improvement team and supports strategic decision-making for safety, production, and cost optimization by applying data-driven insights
 This job will be located in Houston, TX
 What You Will Do
 Develop automated reports, conduct analyses, and provide visibility into KPIs and performance drivers and trends help create final displays of the results, often for formal presentations
 Build and manage data pipelines integrating structured and unstructured data sources
 Design, develop, and institute automated workflows utilizing various technologies (SQL, Python, Databricks, Alteryx, Spotfire, MS Power Platform and more) to minimize human error, standardize data, and apply data management best practices with a focus on data integrity and governance
 Develop ETL processes and maintain application integrations across multiple systems and data sources
 Coordinate with Field and Engineering to perform analysis on drivers impacting LOE, Capital, and Production
 Develop, maintain, and distribute recurring reports for Permian Operations timely and accurately
 Assist in compiling data for regulatory, financial, and accounting reporting
 Maintain up-to-date and accurate data analysis and tool documentation for reference purposes
 Evaluate current processes around data entry, data QC, report distribution and provide recommendations and solutions on optimizing existing processes
 Identify redundancies, automation opportunities, process inefficiencies and provide solutions
 Communicate, collaborate, and report with multiple departments – field operations, IT, accounting, data support groups, etc
 Develop, maintain, distribute, and provide training on standardized tools for analyzing LOE, Capital, Production, and SSHE events/observations
 Stay updated on advancements in data automation, analysis, AI, machine learning, and digital oilfield technologies
 Mentor engineers/analysts within the team on data engineering and BI development techniques
 About You
 Bachelor's degree required in Data/Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field
 Education should include mathematical and computer training
 5+ years experience in a technical role
 Advanced level of data handling skills to include data integration and creating reports
 Proficient working with relational databases and generating complex data visualizations
 Can modify established workflows and evaluate and assess errors as they arise
 Can interpret, understand, and explain workflows and data processes
 Performs complex analytics, generates insightful dashboards and or can write code to automate basic redundant workflows/processes
 Works under limited supervision
 Works with technical staff and professionals
 Experience with data visualization including Spotfire and PowerBI applications is required
 Experience with ETL processes and Workflow automation (Ex: Databricks, Alteryx) is required
 Advanced proficiency in MS Office suite
 Preferred Qualifications/ Experience
 Understanding of programming languages such as Python, R, Matlab or similar is highly preferred
 Subject Matter Expert within select functions applicable to Data Analyst role
 Your Benefits
 An ExxonMobil career is one designed to last. Our commitment to you runs deep: our employees grow personally and professionally, with benefits built on our core categories of health, security, finance, and life.
 We offer you:
 Pension Plan: Enrollment is automatic and at no cost to you. The basic benefit is a monthly annuity to be paid to you in retirement for the rest of your life.
 Savings Plan: You can contribute between 6% and 20% of your pay and are encouraged to enroll right away. If you contribute at least 6% to your savings plan, the Company will contribute a 7% match
 Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans.
 Culture of Health: Programs and resources to support your wellbeing.
 Employee Health Advisory Program: Provides confidential professional counseling for you and your family, including tools and resources promoting mental health and resiliency at no additional cost to you.
 Disability Plan: Income replacement for when you cannot work due to illness or injury occurring on or off the job. Enrollment is automatic and at no cost to you.
 More information on our Company’s benefits can be found at www.exxonmobilfamily.com
Please note benefits may be changed from time to time without notice, subject to applicable law.
 Stay connected with us
 Learn more at our website
 Follow us on LinkedIN and Instagram
 Like us on Facebook
Subscribe our channel at YouTube
 Employer equal opportunity
 ExxonMobil is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or physical or mental disability.
 Nothing herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of local entities. Working relationships discussed herein do not necessarily represent a reporting connection, but may reflect a functional guidance, stewardship, or service relationship.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso and Mobil. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms like corporation, company, our, we and its are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Similarly, ExxonMobil has business relationships with thousands of customers, suppliers, governments, and others. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer, and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships.
 Job Id: 82322
 Show more
 Show less