LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-i-at-truist-4403788769

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

The position is described below. If you want to apply, click the Apply Now button at the top or bottom of this page. After you click Apply Now and complete your application, you'll be invited to create a profile, which will let you see your application status and any communications. If you already have a profile with us, you can log in to check status.
 Need Help?
 If you have a disability and need assistance with the application, you can request a reasonable accommodation. Send an email to Accessibility (accommodation requests only; other inquiries won't receive a response).
 Regular or Temporary:
 Regular
 Language Fluency: English (Required)
 Work Shift:
 1st shift (United States of America)
 Please review the following job description:
 Perform sophisticated analytics (statistical and predictive analytics, machine learning modeling, etc.) to provide actionable insights that improve business outcomes and minimize risk and also provide consultation to business leaders and other stakeholders on how to leverage analytics insights and build strategies around analytics.
 Essential Duties And Responsibilities
 Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time.
 Independently perform sophisticated data analytics (ranging from classical econometrics to machine learning, neural networks, and natural language processing) in a variety of environments using structured and unstructured data.
 Produce compelling data visualizations to communicate insights and influence outcomes among a wide array of stakeholders.
 Take accountability and ownership of end-to-end data science solution design, technical delivery, and measurable business outcome.
 Engage in stakeholder meetings to identify business objectives and scope solution requirements.
 With minimal guidance, write, document, and deploy custom code in a variety of environments (Python, SAS, R, etc.) to create predictive analytics applications.
 Use, maintain, share and collaborate through Truist internal code repositories to foster continual learning and cross-pollination of skillsets.
 Actively research and advocate adoption of emerging methods and technologies in the data science field, with the eye of continually advancing Truist’s capabilities.
 Exercise sound judgment and fosters risk management culture throughout design, development, and deployment practices; partner with cross-functional teams to coordinate rules on data usage, data governance and analytics capabilities.
 Qualifications
 Required Qualifications:
 The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 Bachelor’s degree and zero to four or more years of experience in a quantitative field such as Finance, Mathematics, Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, or Engineering, or equivalent education and related training
 Exhibit understanding of statistical methods, including a broad understanding of classical statistics, probability theory, econometrics, time-series, and primary statistical tests
 Familiarity with linear algebra concepts for optimization, complex matrix operations, eigenvalue decompositions, and principal components; working knowledge of calculus/differential equations, with understanding of stochastic processes
 Demonstrate understanding of data cleansing and preparation methodologies, including regex, filtering, indexing, interpolation, and outlier treatment
 Strong familiarity with data extraction in a variety of environments (SQL, JQuery, etc.)
 Working knowledge of Hadoop, Pig, Hive, and/or NoSQL, Spark
 Experience in managing multiple projects with tight deadlines in a collaborative environment
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Master’s degree or PhD in a quantitative field such as Finance, Mathematics, Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, or Engineering
 Four years of relevant work experience if candidate lacks graduate degree
 Previous experience in the banking or fin-tech industry
 Other Job Requirements / Working Conditions
 Sitting
 Constantly (More than 50% of the time)
 Visual / Audio / Speaking
 Able to access and interpret client information received from the computer and able to hear and speak with individuals in person and on the phone.
 Manual Dexterity / Keyboarding
 Able to work standard office equipment, including PC keyboard and mouse, copy/fax machines, and printers.
 Availability
 Able to work all hours scheduled, including overtime as directed by manager/supervisor and required by business need.
 Travel
 Minimal and up to 10%
 General Description of Available Benefits for Eligible Employees of Truist Financial Corporation: All regular teammates (not temporary or contingent workers) working 20 hours or more per week are eligible for benefits, though eligibility for specific benefits may be determined by the division of Truist offering the position. Truist offers medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, tax-preferred savings accounts, and a 401k plan to teammates. Teammates also receive no less than 10 days of vacation (prorated based on date of hire and by full-time or part-time status) during their first year of employment, along with 10 sick days (also prorated), and paid holidays. For more details on Truist’s generous benefit plans, please visit our Benefits site. Depending on the position and division, this job may also be eligible for Truist’s defined benefit pension plan, restricted stock units, and/or a deferred compensation plan. As you advance through the hiring process, you will also learn more about the specific benefits available for any non-temporary position for which you apply, based on full-time or part-time status, position, and division of work.
 Truist is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, color, religion, citizenship or national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other classification protected by law. Truist is a Drug Free Workplace.
 EEO is the Law E-Verify IER Right to Work
 Show more
 Show less