LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-tiktok-ads-at-tiktok-4377301781

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Responsibilities
 About The TikTok Monetization Product Data Science Team
We're the TikTok Monetization Products data science team, who enables and champions data driven decision making. Our Vision is to become the world class data science team, where data is used rigorously to drive all decision making. Our Mission is to drive monetization and sustainable revenue growth for TikTok through data science.
Responsibilities：
1. Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
2. Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale.
3. Develop comprehensive knowledge of Tiktok data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for product development.
Interact cross-functionally, making business recommendations (e.g., cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.
4. Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of TikTok ads products.
 Qualifications
 Minimum Qualifications:
- Master's degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Operations Research,
- Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics) or equivalent practical experience.
- Expertise with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.
- Experience with statistical software (e.g. R, Python, MATLAB) and database languages (e.g. SQL)
Preferred Qualifications:
- Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
-Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Effective written and verbal communication skills.
 About TikTok
 TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and we also have offices in New York City, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.​
 Why Join Us
 Inspiring creativity is at the core of TikTok's mission. Our innovative product is built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we work towards every day.​
We strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. Every challenge is an opportunity to learn and innovate as one team. We're resilient and embrace challenges as they come. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.​
​
Diversity & Inclusion​
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.​
 TikTok Accommodation
 TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://tinyurl.com/RA-request​
 Job Information
 【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (Annually)
The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $170240 - $277970 annually.​
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.​
Benefits may vary depending on the nature of employment and the country work location. Employees have day one access to medical, dental, and vision insurance, a 401(k) savings plan with company match, paid parental leave, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance, wellbeing benefits, among others. Employees also receive 10 paid holidays per year, 10 paid sick days per year and 17 days of Paid Personal Time (prorated upon hire with increasing accruals by tenure).​
The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.​
For Los Angeles County (unincorporated) Candidates:​
Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws including the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Our company believes that criminal history may have a direct, adverse and negative relationship on the following job duties, potentially resulting in the withdrawal of the conditional offer of employment:​
1. Interacting and occasionally having unsupervised contact with internal/external clients and/or colleagues;​
2. Appropriately handling and managing confidential information including proprietary and trade secret information and access to information technology systems; and​
3. Exercising sound judgment.​
 Show more
 Show less