LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-research-engineer-at-optiver-4397910489

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Optiver is a seeking a Machine Learning Research Engineer to join our team, focusing on a pivotal AI initiative. This role would offer the opportunity to have significant impact across Machine Learning infrastructure, training, and inference challenges to advance our futures trading strategies.
 What you'll do:
 Conduct innovative research on deep learning for price forecasting
 Build scalable and robust training and inference pipelines for deep learning
 Dive into internals of open-source deep learning frameworks and enhance their functionality
 Collaborate closely with researchers and other engineers
 Develop an in-depth understanding of trading systems
 What you’ll get:
 You’ll join a culture of collaboration and excellence, surrounded by curious thinkers and creative problem-solvers. Motivated by a passion for continuous improvement, you’ll thrive in a supportive, high-performing environment alongside talented colleagues, collectively tackling some of the toughest challenges in the financial markets.
In addition, you’ll receive:
 The opportunity to work alongside best-in-class professionals from over 40 different countries
 A highly competitive compensation package
 Global profit-sharing pool and performance-based bonus structure
 401(k) match up to 50%
 Comprehensive health, mental, dental, vision, disability, and life coverage
 25 paid vacation days alongside market holidays
 Extensive office perks, including breakfast, lunch and snacks, regular social events, clubs, sporting leagues and more
 Who you are:
 PhD or equivalent industry experience in a field related to machine learning
 Expertise in building deep-learning models in PyTorch, JAX, or TensorFlow
 Experience in programming in Python
 Experience in computationally intensive research on very large data sets
 Nice to have:
 Experience with JAX ecosystem (XLA, Flax, etc.)
 Experience in programming for GPUs or other accelerators (CUDA, Triton, Pallas, etc.)
 Contributions to open-source projects related to data science and machine learning
 Strong publication record at conferences like NeurIPS, ICML, etc.
 Expertise in internals of deep-learning frameworks like PyTorch, JAX, TensorFlow, etc.
 Experience with large-scale distributed training
 Experience in programming in C++
 Who we are:
 Optiver is a tech-driven trading firm and leading global market maker. As one of the oldest market making institutions, we are a trusted partner of 70+ exchanges across the globe. Our mission is to constantly improve the market by injecting liquidity, providing accurate pricing, increasing transparency and acting as a stabilizing force no matter the market conditions. With a focus on continuous improvement, we participate in the safeguarding of healthy and efficient markets for everyone who participates.
Our differences are our edge. Optiver does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, or other legally protected characteristics.
ical or mental disability, or other legally protected characteristics.
 Below is the expected base salary for this position. This is a good-faith estimate of the base pay scale for this position and offers will ultimately be determined based on experience, education, skill set, and performance in the interview process. This position will also be eligible for a discretionary bonus (if determined by Optiver) and Optiver’s benefits package with the benefits listed above.
 Base Salary Range
$200,000—$200,000 USD
 Show more
 Show less