LinkedIn public job detail: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-adobe-4406211353

External apply URL: not exposed publicly; likely LinkedIn Easy Apply or login-gated.

Adobe Cloud is brimming with billions of pieces of rich content and ever growing on daily basis. The kind of content ranges from images, photos, vectors, brushes, videos, composites, text documents, 3D, and anything we could think of. Information retrieval is a critical part of this offering. Creative professionals and novice users alike need quick access to their digital assets, libraries, the variety of creative content, and documents they work with every day, from brushes to colors, images, videos and beyond.
We have built a Search, Content & Discovery Platform that powers multiple Adobe product lines such as Adobe’s Creative Cloud product, Experience Cloud, Document Cloud, Lightroom and creative marketplace by enabling the world’s best creative tools, leading cloud services for managing creative assets, and the leading marketplace such as Adobe Stock. Search platform deals with billions of assets stored in cloud for variety of use cases ranging from privately accessible assets as in Lightroom, Creative cloud and others, shared assets via collaboration in creative cloud and experience cloud and public discoverable assets as in Adobe Stock Marketplace, Adobe.com , Adobe Learn & Tutorials content.
 What You’ll Do
 Develop and implement scalable, efficient, and modern algorithms that can work with large-scale data in production systems
 Work on large scale streaming and data systems to build world class search, recommendation and Gen AI systems
 Work closely with data scientists, AI models to take them to production, scale and make them efficient and reliable
 Collaborate with product management and engineering groups to develop new products and features.
 What You Need To Succeed
 BS/Advanced degree in quantitative fields: Computer Science, Data Science, AI/ML Engineering, or a related field
 Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability.
 Proficient in one or more programming languages such as Python, Java
 Strong understanding and working knowledge of distributed systems, isolation and micro services
 Good understanding of machine learning, deep learning, or data analytics concepts.
 Excellent communication, relationship skills and a team player
 Become part of this growing team at Adobe and have a phenomenal impact by contributing to search, browse, machine learning and recommendation across the creative suites of products at Adobe. We match the pace, innovation and excitement of a startup, backed by the resources and infrastructure of Adobe! We’re looking for top notch technical contributor to deliver Search as the core tenet in Adobe Cloud. The work entails building large scale search indexing, Search algorithms, recommendation algorithms, relevance & ranking, visual search, data mining, machine learning, data analysis & metrics, query processing, multi-lingual search, search UX, and overall Adobe Cloud ecosystem. This is an opportunity to make a huge impact in a fast-paced environment at a great company. Join us!
 About Adobe
 Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe’s industry-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and businesses to turn ideas into impact, powered by AI and driven by human ingenuity.
Our 30,000+ employees worldwide are creating the future and raising the bar as we drive the next decade of growth. We’re on a mission to hire the very best and believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. At Adobe, we believe that great ideas can come from anywhere in the organization. The next big idea could be yours.
 Let’s Adobe together
 At Adobe, we believe in creating a company culture where all employees are empowered to make an impact. Learn more about Adobe life, including our values and culture, focus on people, purpose and community, Adobe for All, comprehensive benefits programs, the stories we tell, the customers we serve, and how you can help us advance our mission of empowering everyone to create.
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. Learn more.
Adobe aims to make our Careers website and recruiting process accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call +1 408-536-3015.
 AI Use Guidelines for Interviews:
 Our interviews are designed to reflect your own skills and thinking. The use of AI or recording tools during live interviews is not permitted unless explicitly invited by the interviewer or approved in advance as part of a reasonable accommodation. If these tools are used inappropriately or in a way that misrepresents your work, your application may not move forward in the process.
At Adobe, we empower employees to innovate with AI — and we look for candidates eager to do the same. As part of the hiring experience, we provide clear guidance on where AI is encouraged during the process and where it’s restricted during live interviews. See how we think about AI in the hiring experience.
 Expected Pay Range:
 Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several  U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $125,600 -- $234,150 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.
In California, the pay range for this position is $161,700 - $234,150
At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).
In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.
 State-Specific Notices:
 California:
 Fair Chance Ordinances
 Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.
 Colorado:
 Application Window Notice
 If this role is open to hiring in Colorado (as listed on the job posting), the application window will remain open until at least the date and time stated above in Pacific Time, in compliance with Colorado pay transparency regulations. If this role does not have Colorado listed as a hiring location, no specific application window applies, and the posting may close at any time based on hiring needs.
 Massachusetts:
 Massachusetts Legal Notice
 It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.
 Show more
 Show less